Oh, shut up.
Dijing Restaurant
It is the largest and most luxurious restaurant in Beijing
The back vision is amazing
Our Bai family is amazing
A restaurant is so powerful
Yaoyao
Mom knows you've been wronged so much
But it's all because of that dead girl from the euro
Don't worry, mom, I'll find justice for you now.
Yes, this is my fault.
He insulted the wrong way
Our Yaoyao kindly persuaded him
Not only is he not grateful, but he condones others to beat people
Yes, you should call and scold him.
The master eats
Hit now
Ok you wait
Fourth brother, why did you come back so early today?
Didn't I want to come back earlier to accompany you?
And you weren't there.
Why didn't you answer the phone?
Retire
What the Bai family has taught you over the years
It's all pulled up by you
I want to be kind enough to pull you back on track
It's okay if you don't listen
You pick things up and you hit him again
Look what he has been beaten up by you
Come right now
Sincerely apologize to Yaoyao
Oh, I really raised you for nothing for so many years.
Keep a dog to watch the house
Well, not even a dog
I want you to come right now
Kowtow 100 small heads to Yaoyao
Strive for Yaoyao Yaoyao's forgiveness